docs: add section on multivariate flags in core management (#6441)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/managing-flags/core-management.md

:::

### Multivariate flags (A/B/n)

Multivariate flags let you define multiple variants with percentage weightings (A/B/n). Key points:

- Require identified users: multivariate bucketing is calculated per identity, so you must identify users (or generate anonymous GUID identities) to serve a consistent variant.
- Deterministic per environment: the same identity gets the same variant within an environment unless you change weights.
- Stable weights matter: changing weightings during a live test can re-bucket users; avoid mid-test weight changes unless you intentionally want to reshuffle.
- Per-environment: identity bucketing is independent per environment; the same identity can land in different buckets across environments.
- Percentages must sum to 100% and you need at least two variants.
- The SDK returns both the boolean `enabled` state and the multivariate `value`; use the value to drive your experiment behaviour.

If you need to test unauthenticated traffic, create anonymous identities (e.g., GUID stored in a cookie) before requesting flags so the user stays in the same bucket.

Quick A/B/n setup checklist:

> 1) Define variants and weights (total 100%); 2) enable the flag; 3) identify the user (or anonymous GUID) before fetching; 4) branch on the multivariate `value`; 5) log the assigned variant to analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define variants and weights (total 100%)
2. Enable the flag
3. Identify the user (or anonymous GUID) before fetching 
4. Use the `value` of the feature when defining the branching logic in your code 
5. Enable required [integrations](/third-party-integrations/) for analytics purposes
```

> Troubleshooting variant churn:

Author: "Variant churn" means a user switches variants unexpectedly (e.g., Control → Variant A → Control). This can happen if:

Anonymous IDs aren’t persisted (new ID each time)
Identity isn’t set before fetching flags
Weights change mid-experiment

A generic "Troubleshooting" section works too. The subsection can be renamed to "Troubleshooting" and include the variant churn points plus other common issues. Should I update it?

Happy Christmas and happy new year!

> Troubleshooting variant churn:

Reviewer: I don't think 'variant churn' is a standard term that will be well understood by our users, so yes please, let's update.

> Troubleshooting variant churn:

Author: Done!
